PIM-8463: display an explicit error message when an uploaded file is too big on import profiles (#10293)
akeneo/pim-community-dev: CHANGELOG-3.0.md

- PIM-8413: Fix modal of category selection in product and product model exports
- PIM-8477: Fix rich text area link dialog

> - PIM-8463: display an explicit error message when an uploaded file is too big on import profiles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PIM-8463: On import profiles, displays an explicit error message when file upload fails, for example when the file is too big
```
